Hey guys, welcome back. Ok, quick-ish lecture, I want to show you how you can add invisible line breaks in your captions.
They generally look better than putting
symbols to break up your lines.
But on the go sometimes it's not really worth trying to figure
out how to do it. The way you do it is incredibly dumb,
I'll admit it upfront, and it changes it seems like every year.
Before, it used to be the case that you just write it in
your Notes app, and then on Android you write it in like
a preview app or a Google Doc app, copy it over and
it keeps the line breaks.
OK.
For some reason, they changed that and
now you have to put in special characters.
It's ridiculous.
But I'll show you how you can do it.
So on iOS, this is the way you do it.
And if you look at my post, you can see right here,
there's actually a line break right there.
Yay.
OK, so the way you have to do it is
you have to go to Notes on iOS,
Copy it into Notes. Ok, so you'll notice here,
I have line breaks in it,
but what happens is if I were just to copy this over,
it wouldn't actually keep the line breaks, it might
keep this one right there where I just went to the next line,
but it won't give me a clean break like that.
So the way you have to do it, and
I put this in the resources, you can just copy it over, you have
to put this goofy bracketed copy into it, so it looks like this.
So what this basically is is a bracket with a bunch
of "&nbsp", which are codes that show up silently,
in iOS at least, but in programming
they're actually relatively easy to do.
So you have to take this and copy it, and then you have to go
over here, and then go into these little spaces right here, and
you now have to, essentially have to fix it, so I'm
going to paste it in between the middle of these two.
But before you do that, this is actually really important, go back
to where you want to have a line break and make sure that
there's no space after the period where you want the line break
to then happen next. If you put a period, it will not work.
So now let's say I want to put it right there.
So I hit return, return, go to the middle,
So I hit next return, return, go to the middle,
and then I just have to paste this in, paste,
now over here I'm going to do the same thing.
So back to there, ok.
No space after the period, return, return.
I'm going to copy and paste it here.
Now, will it post with these brackets?
Yes, it will.
So what we have to do the next thing
is go here, delete the brackets,
and you'll notice it's still kept this goofy space
in here, like there's a chunk of something.
That's what we want. So we go back,
let's remove the brackets again.
And there we go.
So now it should be good.
Now if I copy it, if I go and select all, you should see an extra
line show up in our post. So let's go over here to Edit,
Edit caption, ok.
So originally there wasn't a line there.
Hopefully, we will see it now.
Delete, paste it in.
Alright, hit Done.
Here we go.
OK.
So now we have clean breaks like that.
For whatever reason, that's the way you have to do it.
I apologize in advance.
OK.
Now, a quicker way of doing this, in iOS at least,
and guys, the thing with Android is it works the exact same.
You just have to take those brackets and then paste them
in, and in the resources I should have an Evernote doc
where you can literally just go and copy-paste it in, and I strongly suggest you save it into at least your Notes or your Google Docs.
But on iOS specifically, there is a shortcut for doing this. On an Android, it really just depends on what apps you have installed.
OK, so on iOS there's one way of doing it.
So what you do is you go to Settings and then we want
to go down to General, then you go to Keyboard,
and then you want to go to Text Replacement. Now,
Text Replacement is a tool so that if you type in
something specific, you'll have the option
of then converting it to a shortcut.
So if I type the same words over and over again, I might
make something like AB turn into entrepreneurship.
It used to be the case that it automatically changed it and it
was hilarious, because I used to do this on my girlfriend's
phone, and just changed random words on it, so that
when she was typing, it would randomly change her words,
and it took about a month before she figured
it out, but it was funny while it lasted.
So the way you do this now is you just go up here to add one,
and then what we want to do is copy in that goofy little bracket system that we had before, you could either copy the brackets,
or you can copy this mystery chunk of text right here, so like that, I'm just going to copy that, but you could do the brackets,
same thing, you just have to delete the brackets.
Then I'm going to go up here and paste it.
Ok, you just have the mystery,
and then I want to have a shortcut.
So I generally suggest making it three letters, because
if you do two it's going to pop up way too often.
So some people do like, BBB, I did LBB as mine,
but you could do yours as like,
yeah, you could do LBB if you wanted to.
Now, I've already saved this one.
So here's my LBB.
There you go, ok, so Save.
Now what happens when I'm typing in Notes is I can just type,
if I want to delete this magic line,
ok, then I can type in LBB, and then see right here,
it gives me that suggested as a blank.
Here we go, that's how I do it.
Also I can just do that directly in Instagram.
So if I go on Instagram, do the same thing, and just went
LBB and then threw it in there, it would do the same
thing, so we see that it preserved it.
Then what we want to do it hit LBB.
OK.
See? It stayed the same.
That's great.
That's what we want.
Android, again, it's just going to come
down to what software you use.
We'll put a review in the resources, how to do it,
but it's the same thing. I just personally, on Android,
it really depends on what operating system you are
using, and launcher, if you're using one of those.
It can really depend how you do text replacements. Often
times, you can do it directly with Google Keyboard.
OK, so that's good enough for now.
See you next lecture.